sale_rates/README.rst, before:

==========
Sale Rates
==========

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-cormaza%2Fodoo--addons-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/cormaza/odoo-addons/tree/13.0/sale_rates
    :alt: cormaza/odoo-addons

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

Added two field on Sales Order, and filters related with this fields
  - Invoiced Rate
  - Delivered Rate

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

- Issue with kit products, delivered is not correct computed

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/cormaza/odoo-addons/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/cormaza/odoo-addons/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_rates%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Christopher Ormaza

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Christopher Ormaza <chris.ormaza@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `cormaza/odoo-addons <https://github.com/cormaza/odoo-addons/tree/13.0/sale_rates>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[15.0][ADD] website_sale_hide_price_contactus

sale_rates/README.rst, after:

==========
Sale Rates
==========

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-cormaza%2Fwebsite_sale_hide_price_contactus-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/cormaza/website_sale_hide_price_contactus/tree/15.0/sale_rates
    :alt: cormaza/website_sale_hide_price_contactus

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

Added two field on Sales Order, and filters related with this fields
  - Invoiced Rate
  - Delivered Rate

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

- Kit products, delivered is not computed correctly in odoo base

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/cormaza/website_sale_hide_price_contactus/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/cormaza/website_sale_hide_price_contactus/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_rates%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Christopher Ormaza

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Christopher Ormaza <chris.ormaza@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `cormaza/website_sale_hide_price_contactus <https://github.com/cormaza/website_sale_hide_price_contactus/tree/15.0/sale_rates>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
